docs: add introduce for http-std (#83)
zigcc/zig-cookbook: book-src/05-03-http-server-std.md

## http.Server - std

Starting with release 0.12.0, a very simple implementation of `http.Server` has been introduced.

```zig
{{#include ../src/05-03.zig }}
```

> > Note: This implementation has very poor performance. If you plan to do more than toy development, consider alternative libraries such as [http.zig](https://github.com/karlseguin/http.zig), [zap](https://github.com/zigzap/zap), [jetzig](https://pismice.github.io/HEIG_ZIG/docs/web/jetzig/), [zzz](https://github.com/mookums/zzz) (note that it is not yet mature), etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The std implementation exhibits extremely poor performance. If you're planning beyond basic experimentation, consider utilizing alternative libraries such as:
- <https://github.com/karlseguin/http.zig>
- <https://github.com/zigzap/zap>
- <https://github.com/mookums/zzz>
```
